[15 Best Software Development Tools for 2023](https://clickup.com/blog/software-development-tools/) 

This article lists out 15 of the best software development tools for the upcoming year. I found this article fascinating since I normally stick to only Visual Studio Code when I program, and haven’t bothered to check out other resources available for software engineers and the different functions they can offer besides just an IDE. Many of the platforms contain multiple features, such as Agile Dashboards or integration with Microsoft BI. For each software that is recommended, the article provides a customer rating from two different sources, their pricing information, their pros, and their cons. 

Out of all the software development tools mentioned, the one that caught my attention the most was ClickUp. ClickUp is extremely helpful for sprint management and agile software development, and finds ways to automate tasks related to these two so nothing falls behind the cracks. They also provide a chrome extension and have free versions available. 

## Angela's comment
It is very helpul that you found the article on software development tools! It's always valuable to explore different tools beyond our usual IDE, as they can offer various functionalities that can enhance the daily workflow. I found this article about the best software development tools for 2023 to be quite informative and helpful for students and software engineers like us. It's essential to explore and be aware of the latest tools and technologies available to streamline our development processes and enhance productivity.

ClickUp particularly caught your attention, and it's easy to see why. It offers an impressive range of features, especially in the areas of Agile Project Management and Sprints Management. Moreover, the availability of a Chrome extension and a robust free plan with unlimited users makes ClickUp accessible to a wide range of teams, from small startups to large enterprises.

## Yuyao's comment
It is a really helpful article that recommends many useful tools for different occasions. Most of the time my software development only involves GitHub and Visual Studio Code, and I did not even have a thought about changing development environment. I've heard big Dev software/platform/tool names such as Atom, Azure, and Dockers, and it's because this article that I get to know more about their each usages and application fields, which intrigues me and makes me want to try out these tools some day when developing a new project that can fit them. It's always good to know more about the useful tools that might come in handy some day!